Chapter1 Title: ["Destitute Road for The Wicked", "Earthquake"]



The sea levels rising:The ship reverberated with the bodies of the men as every single one of them hit the wall outside the main deck. The storm was cutting loose and they had no other means with which to winch whatever it was that they were dragging. Slowly but surely the waves had begun to compound one by one in the middle of the day. The sunlight along with any visibility had all but faded away.the high winds were so rough, and so constant, had they not been as warm as they were they would have beaten the crew just on volume alone. Instead, it just blistered their spirits. They were aching but they knew the catch was to important to give way. They all knew what they had caught with their nets. They knew. but they also didn't know. They didn't know where thing had come from. They didn't know how it was this thing moved. How it was alive. They didn't know how it could appear to be so strong when they were attacking it and now that they dragging it halfway across the Atlantic. As the storm drew harder and colder the crew of the Atticus knew that they would be in for a long day. Seaman Neil Patrick Roberts motioned the captain. You're new here. You stay topside and circle the bow every fifteen minutes. Stay clear of the men unless first mate Blake signals you to join in. Sir, I don't understand if anything I should be down there testing for samples in the water. The captain gave Neil a stern look. Mr. Roberts, When I gave you open space to conduct this treasure hunt of your I was under the impression we would be transporting a ten ton haul. Our contract said nothing at all about my ship being dragged halfway across the Atlantic by a Goddamn U.S.O. I know captain but need I remind you of the clause in our agreement. It specifies the need to retrieve certain mechanisms pertaining the relationship of the findings in question. This captain is one of those mechanisms. This object could be the key to the Amliahacumbha. Object?! Said the captain screaming. This thing isn't moving like an object, Roberts.  It's shaking and kicking. As the captain said this he began walking and slid the main deck door open. As he pointed towards the bow of the ship Roberts and everyone could see a 12 meter wide saucer pulling the ship. It was going in the same direction which allowed for the ship to tug along but was doing it very eradicaly. The ship was constantly shifting shape. Almost like it was trying to cut loose from the nets but somehow not enough. This thing could have switched 90 degrees off course and dragged the ship from under itself or even flip it over but for some reason it wasn't. For all the Ruckus this disk was making, it wasn't fighting us, not really. It wanted us to follow it. The shifting and fighting could have many other explanations but none that bear consideration in Patrick's mind. Contract obligation dictates we keep on. So that's what we'll do said Patrick. We ride it out see where this thing takes us.


Characters: Coronel Daniel Blitz, Barry Yates



Sarah Locklin


Blueprint: 

March 7, 2067: Somewhere in the Pacific between ________ and _________

Note: Try to have the POV character in the car with the mother

It begins with a traffic jam inside an underground tunnel, A woman(Lucille) is behind what would be the driving wheel except there is no driving wheel. She's in front of her computer. There's no display on her computer but she seems to be wearing very a tiny lightweight set of VR glasses and moving things around with her hands. There's 2 other displays on the dashboard with financial figures that she is moving through with her finger and she's conducting a meeting at the same time with some executives via another screen in the middle of the car. Even though the vehicle is inside a tunnel, there is beautiful sunshine light overlaying the top of the dashboard and some of the car. It almost feels like they are somewhere near a beach. The screen shows 8 executives on Skype. Each one of them in different time zones as portrayed by the nighttime settings in their backgrounds. The kids are asleep in the back. The car, of which the inside could almost reflect that of a small luxury sailboat with polished mohagany panels and buttons everywhere. The car is driving itself. 

She's in the middle of a meeting, when all of a sudden the car abruptly shifts up lifting into the air and settles just as quickly. The woman jolts in her seat giving a large gasp and rapidly surprised takes her VR glasses off "What the…?" she says looking towards the back to find her kids half asleep now but also kind of waking up. She asks both of them to stop fidgeting. "Hey, Settle down." she says checking back to see if the people in the meeting noticed the interruption. All of a sudden the jolt begins again and stops again. She looks forward and sees cars honking and people getting out of their cars. She immediately turns on the monitor and touches on the image to one of her colleagus who seems to be in another car. 

"Hey Tom…" She utters now beginning to worry "Did you feel that?" 

Tom on the monitor looks into the screen camera. "Feel what?"

The echo of a massive Thunder is heard. Only this was not, thunder. It felt different and Lucile knew it. The waves of sound travelled differently. The woman looks back at everyone outside and immediately tells her kids to get out of the car. Mommy whats wrong? Out now!! Sarah screams at them. We have to go baby 



to one of her coleagues disconnected from the meeting.
asks   All of a sudden an earthquake begins to 





designated MLevel9 access classification is to be deemed Top Secret of the Highest. Order do you understand? Son where in the shit. We need your help

 

    Weird Science


LOS ANGELES (AP) — After a nearly eight-year journey, a NASA spacecraft on Friday flawlessly slipped into orbit around Ceres in the first visit to a dwarf planet.




March 7, 2167




LOS ANGELES (AP) — Dr. Sanjay Khurana was close to finishing a golf game when a vintage plane clipped a tree and "dropped like a rock" onto the next hole's green. He rushed to the crash, finding a pilot bleeding from a deep gash in his head.

"I don't think I would have ever imagined waking up that morning, that after an early day of surgery, I'd see an airplane crash," he said. "It's a very odd scenario. But I'm glad I could have been of help."

The moral of the story here is that if you wear a pijama then your the bad man at the court house wedding for the son of the man you murdered while eveyone else is the court appointed attorney. There is no reference of mind whatsoever. Anything goes. Anything can be said and done but the catch is that you cannot stop even for a minute because if you do you will notice what has really happened.


Lauren slams her body against the desk and begins taking her clothes off. She’s in heat but 
Cheating with lab partner

The story begins millions of years ago. Throughout the known recorded history of mankind, Earth has been regarded as many things. More than anything, more than a foundation for our species, it has been exonified as our Mother Supreme and Mana. The base lifeform for all lifeforms, filled with all the elements that have produced each and everyone of the species leading to our very own. The extention of every woman, child, man, and culture comes from the very plaform that makes us human; this lucious planet. Covered in more water than can be accounted for, this so called rock, which has proven beautiful in nature and just as violent now threatens the very nature of our way of life.

A giant mother that caresses. Puts us in her bosom and evolves our DNA. Our home…our third rock from the sun floating in dead space. There’s a gold rush and most people are unaware that they are it.

At the beginning of the 16th century**, in what would later be known as the Caribbean, 2 Royal Navy warships intercepted a Spanish Armada in a battle that was omitted from the history books. The price they fought for? A jewel never before seen found in the trenches of the Castanza mountains on the edge island of Tortola. Now this wasn’t just a rare find.

What’d you mean? Why do you say it like that?

Because of the logs. Any finds especially treasurewise had to be taken back to the main land.

Yeah. So? 

The Armada wasn’t taking this cargo to the main land. It was bringing it back from it. According to the logs they were looking to seaboard the entire cargo. That means sink everything. Why would they do that?

Why would they not do that? That’s nothing. It’s probably just reverse code for if they get boarded and overpowered by an enemy ship. It’s classic misinformation tactic. Warship captains do that shit all the time, even back then. Especially back then. I mean…hello! Pirates!

Ok. Yeah. But see I thought about that too until I talked to Gary Harper. You don’t know him…

Yeah I do. You and him studied maritime law at Annapolis back when.   

Pauses and gives a curious look.

What?! you told me like a million times while we where on that dig in Sarajevo. I only remembered cause you wouldnt shut up about it.

I didn’t think you were listening. 

Burrp! Trust me, I wasn’t.

Well anyways, he works now as head engineer at Drydocks. He used to be… for about fifteen minutes… one of the best damn submarine captains to ever skip water on the Easter Seaboard. 

Oh yeah? What happened?

HUhhh..oh! nothing! The usual bullshit. Politics. That’s not really why I mention it though. Uhh. Wait. What was I talking about?

Ship. Jewel, Spanish Armada.

Ohh right yeah. Ok so George agrees with me.

How so?

Well because of the value. It was never measured. That is, the Spanish never bothered to place a monetary figure on it much less log the figure in their registry. That’s not just a rare occurrence, Danny. That’s never been heard of in the entire history of Spanish Naval Intelligence. They had a world renowned reputation for being anal about that sort of thing and I should know.

Danny looks at him intrigue hoping to finally find out where Byrd has been all this time.

Byrd takes breath. Leans forward almost as if he’s about to whisper. I’ve spent the last three years looking for evidence that this never happened. Barcelona, Madrid, San Juan. waining through public records. You wouldn’t believe how many records the Crown kept. It’s opened to the public now but back then, there was some crazy shit going.

How come none of this is in the History books?

Are you kidding me? Who’s gonna take the time to go through all that shit? You? Most people these days can hardly get through reading their tweets article. You think scanning thousands upon thousands of ancient captain logs in Flat Earth era Portuguese is gonna capture

 More even so, when you factor in the that the Royal Navy also failed to report on the intent of acquisition, even though both countries have records of the battle.

That’s because everyone died. Nobody made it out. Hence, nobody collected. Did they?

Byrd: pause. Well..

Danny: I think you’re missing a piece here Byrd.

Byrd: No world power ever straight up sent 2 warships against an entire fleet. And this was peace time. I mean it would have been suicide. Not to mention the shit storm on both ends should the information ever leak. 

Danny: I can’t help but think somewhere in this conversation I’m gonna begin hearing about pirates,

Byrd snarls and immediately twists his body back as if half expecting Danny to say just that and in recovery stands up.  “Oh cmon Dan!, I’m not fucking around here. This isn’t the neuroplasticity talking. I really did my homework this time.”

Danny: “I fucking hope so Barry, because that thing that killed Gigi? It’s still out there.*

Byrd looks out the window as if grasping for air and gathers his thoughts and turns around. 
Byrd: That was six years ago. When are you going to get it through your head that it was a mistake?

Chateu
sunflowers 
French 

Chateu dreams keeping you down Byrd? The first place you went . Remember? 

No I don’t.

Well I do the sunflower seeds where a good place to begin drawing. Where am I? what happened?

I don’t know but most of the time my thoughts just keep bouncing around my head as if it were a place in the Everglades. I’m drowning on Aligator soup.

Well good. You need to understand that this isn’t fiction. Whatever your words meant then they mean nothing now so I guess what I’m saying is. If we do this, were not going to invite the French guy to come along with us.

Are you insane? We need him now more than we did the last time. You should probably check your head. 

I think I’m solid where it concerns to the French guy. 

The french guy goes.

Fuck you Byrd

No Fuck you Dan. We do the French guy. Together.

What?! Nothing I meant…

I know what you meant.
 
It’s value was not measured by it’s beauty but by it’s virtue. For it was said by all who touched it, that the light of God would enter them. Unfortunately, there too, was a caveat for this enlightment. Those who came in contact with the jewel, eventually fell onto some form of curse. A curse not so much of the flesh but of the soul. These praised people, once reverred by the Church, thought to be the direct Will of God, where now shunned by all. Barahatmah Nac Fretus, "The Consumed" eventually ended being exiled and later persecuted to the ends of the Earth in what would later be know as The Crusades. Those who were caught were beheaded, or burned at the stake. Crucifixion was forbidden for them as it was thought to be a Holy passage through the Arc of Judgement and as such might soil the purity of the Church in the eyes of the Lord. The vespiges of a war that would ravage the entire world with plague and famine and solidify it's effects for thousands of years to come.

discovered a massive temple that could not have possibly been built by man. During their journey to meet up with fleeing discovered soon to be discovered, perhaps even pioneered. For those who know how things truly are, the reality is entirely different. Earth is more like a mule. We are it’s cargo. The destination? That is what others have been trying to find out.
My name is Ignatius Cohen. Son of Raphael Cohen. Call me Iggy.
destination.
Iggy Cohen


Musk from sex
Gun incident
Murder Suicide
Police station
Folder
Eloquent Lawyer
Vomiting
Wet towels 
Warning lecture from lawyer in car
Broken promises reply
Slap in the face from lawyer
Pull car over fix
Nightclub chase
Outside the nightclub
Crossing the street 
Lawyer gets runover by bus in very gross and public death
Blood everywhere
Back to police station
Police let him go
He returns to his apartment
Where two men are waiting for him
They take him to an airplane hangar
They sit him in front of a chair
Another man dressed in a tuxedo comes in with some other guys and walks over to the guy in the chair
Explanation ensues about what they are doing is important
Why it matters
The man instructs the kid hacker to unblock some kind of a system which
Releases a special very rare type of drone that launches at lightning speed via a rail gun.
Where is it going?
New York
End of chapter.
