ISFJ: Introvert Sensing Feeling Judging.

The 12:
Military [Codenames]
The Spear
The Scapegoat
The Silence
The Serpent
The Strength
The Sadist
The Sauron
The Scorpion
The Symbol
The Sentry
The Salt
The Streets

Margaret Pearce

Capitalism has outlived its usefulness. 
-Martin Luther King

We live in a technicolour world. Bring attention to the vivid colours around us.

as fresh blood dripped down the severed artery, Tyson quickly began thinking about his garden, and his tomato plants exactly matched the colour of the bright red blood dripping from the man’s hand.

“I’m hungry” he said and with that he got up and with a brushing sense of disregard walked out of the room.

Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Because, Mr.______, the world needs a better way.
We believe we’ve created that better way. 



Tell me!!! Tell me God dammit! How? How is it that this people are able to do what they do? How where they able to get so far up the chain of command?

Answer me you fuck!!! How? 

How… How… How? How? How? How? Because they were able to approach the process with an indiscriminate nature. You have to understand something. The people you are looking for. The people I work for. They’re not bogged down by greed, racism, emotion. They don’t give a shit about ideologies or much less patriotisms. For them those are concepts. Tools with which they weave this intricate web you and I and people call our shitty lives. 


…without barriers.

  
    komol hossain
    Brian Jackson
    Ali Qayyum
    Tauseef Alam
    Thiago


    Just saw the discussion above, about the value that is perceived, and that is right at the point we are going through today. I believe that if a person cannot see the inherent value that a service provides, he will always think it is expensive. If he can see that value, than he will never think it is expensive, because it will bring more benefits than he is paying for, and that is the kind of costumer you want to do walk that extra mile for.

        Dainis Graveris


        Thiago, thanks for jumping in. That’s exactly the point – if you would know that you can put 1 dollar in machine and get 2 dollars out wouldnt you do it?

        The same way we all buy products because we know what we can do with that knowledge or service to multiply our income. Good rule to remember is each product we buy should give us 10x in return..otherwise either product is bad or we are not doing what we should.

    Andrzej "Nigel" Pach

    As a freelance designer this seems like a great new place to explore! These are big words and a great responsibility to take on a new marketplace like this, but I guess who else than 1stwebdesigner is eliglibe to do that :D ? Time will show but definately will be looking closely into it

        Dainis Graveris

 
        Yeah..that’s why we teamed up to make it happen!! :) Thanks for support, Andrzej!

    Sohil Memon

    
    Awesome Project guys! I really appreciate your work and I must say that ‘A new Era is coming for Designers, Developers and Entrepreneurs’. Hats off! Keep going going in this way and no one can stop you!

        Dainis Graveris

       
        Ah thanks Sohil – doing our best and will overcome all challenges! Hope to see you joining mentorship though!! It’s a great opportunity to get free help! :)

    saqib ahmad

  
    wow! this is nice project and totally a new and creative side you showed in this. I am wondering how much talented ideas coming these day. Best of Luck

  
    kenny moreno


    So, before as criminals, they made little money and now they PAY to work!


They do wet-ops. NATO rogue assassins. These are mercenaries. As long as the client is their customer, they cater to the client.

        Dainis Graveris
        Nicholas Tart


    David Fraiser

     Great idea, but good God is this a loooooong page… *sigh*

        Dainis Graveris

  



Once she arrived near the center, she was to grab 2 wet towels from inside the bucket that was sitting in this dead smack center of such helipad, she was to then wrap each one of these towels around her wrists and without any hesitation walk towards the nearest warehouse in the direction of the river. Now Ty had a very athletic build that

Where there was some markings that resembled that of helipad.

