Chapter2 Blueprint
New York
Gerald “Gee” Leeman 
Cuban
Jim Wallis

Gracie X “Headshot”

Polyamorous

What brought on these feelings of joy in both of us? To be honest, he'd just had sex -- with another woman. And, yep, I was stoked for him.

those traditionalists descended from our Puritan ancestors who feel put on this earth to defend and enforce the status quo. 

But this was the beginning of a new way of thinking for me --

Compersion 

    Keeps Your Blood Flowing
    It's A Form Of Cardio
    Lifts Your Mood
    Helps You Sleep
    Keeps Your Brain Healthy
    It's A Natural Painkiller
    It Relieves Stress
    Gives You A Healthy Glow
    Aids Your Emotional Health
    
Keeps Your Blood Flowing


  

You can never really tell if a marriage has what it takes to last "till death do us part”. 

the most crippling mistakes both sides can make in an otherwise solid partnership.



Southern California for over 20 years.


My firm has seen 

will not always be hot,

familiarity does breed contempt Mr. Patrick



"Make no mistake: Expecting your spouse to heal your childhood wounds will erode your marriage. 


Seemingly confused and discouraged the SFIC pull away,  which triggers an international crisis almost overnight putting the fear back in the markets. 


The mistake: Inviting mom and dad into the marriage.






Refusing to engage in enemy airspace.




financial
The mistake: Dodging important conversations about money.



rabbi
The mistake: Over sharing negative thoughts.

"This obviously does not apply when - strategic conflict operations (SCOPE).”

“You have to understand. These people are twisted and perverted. To them this is a competitive sport.”

divorced woman
The mistake: Being too fearful to share your feelings.

Being too scared to roll your sleeves up and dig a hole because you don’t know, if that hole is for you.



academic
The mistake: Planning a wedding, not a marriage.

department of energy and the mob had a relationship in Korea. 

the moment I knew
        

cutting-edge application

Proficiency with productivity software like Excel and Word even boosts your pay in a job that heavily emphasizes people skills -- like in retail.



Along with this study, the Capital One Foundation has also just announced it would spend $150 million to help train workers for the digital economy.


“Move like the mantis does.”

Sounds like the answer to a roboticist's prayer.



High Purity 
Sputtering Targets 
Metallization
PeCVD Plants
Magnetron

   

was in his office looking at porn with a dull look on his face. There was a lot of noise outside
He was bored out of his mind normally but today his mind seemed at ease with that boredom almost as if it was the last day of school before summer and he was just waiting for the bell to ring. But it wouldn’t. He was in his office. It was a canning factory that his family owned on the lower west side of the pier(find a location). 
The phone immediately begins to ring 
Restaurant
Russian restaurant
Man sitting in bar feeling nostalgic
He remembers traveling to Russia
And thinking it was going to be awful but instead what happened is he now 
Wishes he was still there
Meets the owner of bar who is Russian
Owner invites him to dinner at his table and ask some questions which at first seem random
Little by little the man realizes that the owner knows a lot more about him than he really should
Owner offers man an explanation in the form of a question
How certain are you of who and what you are?
The owner then reveals himself to be an alien
His here on earth posing as a movie director
He wants the man to be in his movie
The man agrees
We will call him Gerald
Gerald is told telepathically that he is to become one of the most beloved movie stars on earth but he most first prove his worthiness
They get up and the owner asks Gerald to go to the front of the restaurant and wait with all the rest of the celebrities. 
Awkwardness ensues as soon as Gerald walks in they all see he doesn't belong there but nonetheless the treat him like he's some kind of extra which causes Gerald to feel inadequate about his status
Gerald wants more
He wants to be like them
Famous
Important
Loved
He begins listening in on the conversation
Fellow Actor and movie star Jonah hill is there telling re acounting of a funny anecdote about just coming from Cannes and most of the group there is laughing as they all seem to have been there
They're all with their girlfriends and tuxedos and high class entourage
Gerald quickly begins to feel as if he's been left out and yet desperately wants to be part of the conversation
He immediately almost as if by subconscious (find a better word) manner reverts back to what the owner told him. You will be a movie star, you will be famous, people will love you.
He thought to himself “Fuck It! I can do this”. Gerard knew he would eventually become famous. Something in his gut told him to ignore the pain. Ignore the feeling of inadequecy, ignore those snivelling people thinking they were better than you.” Ignore those idiots. Fame comes in groups. That’s not your group, but they will come to know you. People will love you. Ignore them, Ignore ignore.” 
All of a sudden it came to his mind that he should meet with the director right away to begin preparing for his first movie. 
And so Gerald walked into the restaurant again to meet up with the owner. The owner let him know that everything had been setup already and that they were good to go. Before anything else could be discussed Gerald quickly noticed that there were curtains, Big giant curtains in the middle of the restaurant. To him it was almost strange that while he had been eating there he never noticed these massive curtain that rode all the way up to the ceiling and were right in the middle of the room. This gigantic ball room with these gigantic curtains that were covering something. What the hell is inside that thing God only knows but before Gerald could even guess the owner was opening the curtains revealing a massive fish tank that had absolutely no fish, but it was filled to the top with kind of clear liquid. Gerald had no idea but somehow he knew that the liquid was not exactly water.
And yet the strangest things, as if the whole situation wasn’t weird enough, his first question which should have begun with what was nowhere to be found. Instead Gerald surprised himself with the howling question that oddly enough would begin to unravel in his mind what was truly going on: “Why?!!” He yelled out. Not knowing why he yelled that question out? Even more surprising was the owner’s demeanor which was almost as if he was expecting the question. The owner points to the tank with the clear liquid and he calmly says because it’s part of your role. Quickly Gerald felt a sense of relief from those words. He didn’t know why nor how but immediately this warm homey feeling that had gradually but unconsciously been building it’s way through his system had now boiled over and taken over him so powerfully that it took him almost 30 full seconds to realize that he had been crying the entire time since the moment when he first saw the tank.
I’m sorry ”Gerald” quickly cried out. Not knowing why he was sobbing uncontrollably. The owner gently smiled and placed his hand on Geralds shoulder in a friendly manner and let him know it was all going to be fine. At this point Gerald could not speak but he knew that he had to go into the tank. The owner quickly said



