…and I got to hold my father’s hand as he passed away. This was the most horrifying thing I have ever experienced in my entire life. I cannot imagine anything more horrifying than looking death in the face. …It caused me to wonder: Where did my father go? What just happened? How could this happen?  When we were designed originally as human beings, we weren’t designed by God to experience what I experienced, this horrifying reality called death. Especially of a parent or a family member. I don’t ever want anyone to experience that pain; that loss. I still have nightmares and day terrors frequently about it because it impacted me on that level …and the reality is, the irony within all this is everyone of us will most likely feel that pain sometime in our lives. A greater irony is everybody will experience death sometime in their life. The day you were born was the day you were destined to die.

							- Pastor Matthew Vander Els

When the heart is good, everything else is good.


worm·wood
ˈwərmˌwo͝od/Submit
noun
1.
a woody shrub with a bitter aromatic taste, used, especially formerly, as an ingredient of vermouth and absinthe and in medicine.
2.
a state or source of bitterness or grief.




Characters:
---------------------------------------------------------
Gen. Kammal Hosa
Brian Jackson
Ali Qayyum
Tausef Alam
Thiago Marcellus
Coronel Daniel Blitz
Barry Yates
Sarah Locklin


“Krysta wait… wait…just let me explain” pleaded an apologetic boyfriend to the brown-reddish wall of a hotel room.

“Brian stop talking to the wall” said Barry, who was sitting nearby on a couch playing with a deck of cards. 

“Sweetie, baby, I swear to you; my hand to God, I will be there” Brian kept pouncing on. 

“That wall is a bitch”

“Shut it Barry” howled Brian turning away for a second from the slab of concrete to which he seemed so engaged pleading his case. Brian slouched his body grouching towards Barry pointing at him with a screaming whisper “This is your fault asshole!” before turning back to the wall and asking for forgiveness. Brian was talking to his girlfriend by way of a hollographic interface that only he could see.

As Brian continued with his relationship dilemmas, someone yelled through the door outside the hotel room. They didn’t knock. They yelled. Barry notices this and smiles as if already expecting it, puts down the deck but keeps one and slides it underneath the door.

The stranger outside in the hall sees the card, picks it up and examines it in a nonchalant way. Barry yells from the inside. What card is it?

It’s the ace of clubs 

“Oh shit, that’s Kingsley”. Goes to answer and opens the door

“All hail to the King!” says Brian with a hug as these two seem to know each other from a long time back. “You fry son?” asks Kingsley “Like home wheat son. Ready to parle”.

“Yeah, I knew you was looking forward to this”   





at the time, the apologetic boyfriend’s best friend, sitting nearby on a couch playing with a deck of cards.


wall featuring a holographic image of an angry girlfriend.
“What Brian? What could you POSSIBLY have to say after bailing out on me on the day of my best friend’s wedding? Do you know what it is that pretty much everyone from my high school is here? EVERYONE!!! I’m Krysta Kyles, ok? I was voted prom queen…twice! And now, I’m the bridesmaid without a groom? Do you even know what I had to go through to get Tyler to agree to make you a groom?” 
“Let me explain” begged an angry boyfriend yelling at a hollogram 
Brian pleading to the wall.
“I love you? 

“Well that’s typical” exasperated Barry as he flipped a card from a deck he was holding. Barry was looking at a holographic projection of a basket which he could only see. While Brian, who just had a fight with his girlfriend, th ended with him screaming at an empty wall. Both of them where waiting for the midday afternoon broadcast of Anal Sarah, the once popular beauty queen turned pop culture U-toobe phenom who lost it after her sister and co-host threw herself off a balcony. 

turned gamer girl society outcast. 

  

Sarah as she switched on her phasma torpedoes and began punching on the fire button of her controller. The insane amount of money she had recently spent on the MMO black markets website called, Loose Cannons, was about to pay off. “Boom. Big Explosion” she yelled laughing as her 110 inch monitor lit up just a few feet in front of her.  Her most recent purchase: a space-jumper class warship with near unlimited range, ammunition and ten times more energy fuel capacity than any legal ship available in the entire six confederate galaxies, was now tearing through enemy warships like a chainsaw through butter.

Victory was underway. Now, having destroyed over half a fleet by herself, she switched off reverse mute settings and channeled the audio unto her live stream so her 30,000 plus viewers could enjoy the cacophony of insults being broadcasted from her opponents base. “Stupid cunt” “cheater!!” “Fucking Whore” “Somebody shoot down this fucking bitch already” Sarah began to smile and her expression only grew as the cascade of insults descended both in sound and on her screens chat display. Her single ship alone had broken through the most complex defense in the history of the game. Who where they? An entire congressional assortment of high profile players who, until just now, had been regarded as the most skilled in the online space strategy game community. They had created the now famous capitol planet dubbed “New Atlantis: An impenetrable fortress capable of sustaining any barrage of attacks”. It was also a strictly white males only club and the main communications hub for misogyny and racist rants in the entire game universe.

Everyone hated them but they were solid players and for 6 years straight no one had ever achieved a successful attack on their base. In an online game where attacks and raids where frequent, it could take years just to establish a single colony.

Even Sarah, who had more reasons than anybody to hate this game, had come to respect the amount of organization required for these idiots to amass an entire planet all to themselves. Of course, that was also the thing that would make this attack all the more satisfying.

Sarah looks at her watch. It’s 5:33pm. Shit. It’s 3 minutes past her time table. She should have finished off the 2nd wave of fleets by now but they’re still coming. She knows it’s getting closer now, so she switches over to her keyboard, minifies her hud display on the big monitor and begins turning on the four monitors on the side of her main display. Three on the right, and a vertical hud on the left. She catapults over her couch and grabs a little drone that was so well placed, it seemed as though it had been setup hours prior.  She clicks it on and with a swift jolt throws it out the window. A few feet outside her apartment window, the drone begins to hover. While clicking on her watch to turn it on and sits back on her couch and begins  addressing her viewers.

“Hello, lamers and famers. Welcome to the Anals of Sarah. Where YOU the viewer get to participate and watch me, your hostess, take a big steaming pile of shit on anybody who’s ever tried to fuck with me. Yes, I know, it’s been three months since I uploaded on Famer, but these videos require a lot of time and effort to make. Speaking of which, I would like to give a shout’z OUT!!! and a hardy har har to all the wonderful lamers and famers who ChippedIn* and made last months project a reality. Thank you for helping us hire the very talented Gerry Kepler. For those of you who do not know what went on, please allow me to catch you up. Gerry, whom we now have lovingly come to call ‘GerGerz’, is a retired accountant from our great nation state of New York. Heil Fuhrer! But he’s not just any accountant. No no no. In his glory days Gerry used to work in a very magical place. A place full of wonder where anything could happen. The D.O.J. That’s right. Gerry was a Forensic Accountant. He helped us uncover the now nortorious inventory scams that have been happening at U-Toobe since the company began banning all of the most outspoken U-Toobeys regarding freedom of speech. Two of them who where me and my dear sister Keyla. 

Sarah paused for a second and went numb. Her face was like that of a moving statue as she looked down at her watch. It now read 5:48. It was nearly time and so she continued with her broadcast. Her tone of voice now shifted. Her smile was less spiked. It was almost warmer. Calmer. Serene.

“It’s been three years now. Three years to the day and I’m a senior now. I’m the same age my sister was when she killed herself.” As she says this, the room’s already stillness gradually but quickly turns into an innocuous vacuum. Where before it was quiet, now even the silence dares not make a sound.  

Sarah doesn’t budge. She doesn’t move an inch. Not because she’s trying to maintain her composure. Not because she’s afraid to cry in front of the camera. Her face is not trying to hold back any emotion. There is none.

“When ‘Sarah and Keyla’ became a sensation. I knew my sister and I where going to become targets. That’s what happens when you get famous. Your fears become stronger, because your hopes become greater. You have that much more to loose. ” 
 stops to look at the time, this time, once again towards clock on the wall, or so she thinks, but her stare just wonders unto an oblivion past the wall.

“I’m not crazy. I know what happened to my sister. What really happened to her. Not what social media assessed may have happened. Not what the school board decided. Certainly not what the gaming community professed when they defended they’re boy  I know it was premeditated. I know it could have been avoided and I know   



     

Her fake smile faded into a wisp of sadness. No sooner than it came, it vanished, replaced by cold calculating composure at the task ahead.



If you remember last month, the forensic accountant Last month cooked the books  This was promise to you, the attack on New Manlantis is about to begin. I’ve already been streaming but I’m now broadcasting live  From the first time. This is for my sis ewho took her life after being humiliated by these turds”
    
It was beautiful, she thought to herself.    

Especially since she had been at it, playing the game, for nearly 36 hours straight.  Her fleets mantra: “Defeat is a state of mind. No one is ever defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality”

Immediately she could hear a roar of celebration on her headphones as she began to smile in delight from the fireworks display as thousands of ships join in on the attack towards the opposing team.  had recently purchased on a black market website the radio frequency on her RC transmitter 23.5.  

off kilter:  a new technology has emerged that allows the ultra human mind to recall past lives. The service is held through a series of sessions that are private privileged both between client a. Everything changes when a series of murders begin to take place. The protagonist follows a trail of deceit and power that opens him to the possibility of the technology allowing other to have access to the information about each other's past life sins. Eventually the plot leads to much more than murders but an entire planet on the brink of being thrown off course into another star by an alien civ tha May be already on earth.

Explores the notion of forgivenesses
Past lives are discovered through human cloning
Life expectao on Earth has caused the populationto consider interplanetary colonization.


Act1 
-pity and/or desire
-Around 25% of story (25,000 words)[or 7.5 10-page chapters]
-at around 10% of story establish Main Character
-first 10,000 words should setup the story (world building, back history, main characters, allies, weaknesses [around 2 weaknesses], primary needs [courage, love, justice, freedom, closure, redemption, ], superficial needs (these are a means to an end, usually in service of the primary needs. They are almost always known to the main character.)[money, status, power, fame, debt, revenge, ego]
-by the end of act 1 the monkey wrench is revealed. This will be the event which will cause the reader to pity the main character and or set the events of act 2 in motion at the same time drive the characters towards the goals. This is a big hook.

page1

-Show 2 psychological aspects of character and 1 sociological aspect


Act2
 -fear leading to all hope is lost
 -around 50% of the story

Act3 
-catharsis leading to awakening
-last 25% of the story

=====================================================================================================
Chapter 1

Everything so far:

It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.

-Henry Ford

"Commander!! Wow!!" Tyson laughed "So he's a Commander now, huh?"
He listens to the words in his voice as they sounded more amusing than the last time. "Lieutenant Commander Blake. God damn" said Tyson again as if trying to annoy the guard in front of him. "You know what I'd be doing right now if I was an Ltcom? " continued Tyson ignoring the guard dogs barking "do you have any idea"
I said shut up said the guard raising even further his voice. "Pussy" sAid Tyson softly, and then he yells it "I'd be knee deep in pussy." 
"Alright! That's it!" The guard grabbed Tyson by the arm. Tyson in what seemed like three lightning speed moves latched on to the guards wrist of the same arm twisting it away from him while at the same time hitting the elbow to stretch the guards arm and reaching underneath his armpit to dislocate it. The guard instantly fell to the floor screaming in pain. Not three seconds later does the door open and in comes the generals. Tyson Blake... The infamous Tyson finished saying as he grabbed a metal chair like it was made of cotton candy and threw it at the general. The general grabbed the chair in mid air like it was also nothing and threw it back at the wall where the thing finally crashed into pieces. 
"What the hell is your problem Blake? You still acting like you got a donkey's ass chance in hell of getting out of here...?" The general wasn't finished but he took one glance at the private who was squirming the floor and added profusely and angry and mad "...alive?"
It was as if the general was angrier at the fact that Blake had left the guard live than at the notion of the attack in the first places.

The general reached the belt off one of the guards accompanying him and threw a grenade that seemed to explode on impact but made a hissing noise as a white silvery powder began to cover Blake from head to toe. The powder immediately became magnetized and began penetrating his skin and began electrocuting Blake until he was compliant.

There was nothing Blake could do to obey. He had to comply. The general told the guard: "get up private! Move the man up to the heli deck" "give him a view. He added"
"Let's go move!" And with that the private yelled not half a second later Tyson was standing up. His body moving already like it knew where to go. The deep blur in his eyes was from what was known as the drought. Infectious nanobots slowly dehydrating his body to the point of mental exhaustion but not so much that the host had no ability to move just an inability to fight.

With that Tyson is taken to a helipad On the lower decks where the rest of the fleet guns and war planes were parked. He was instructed to kneel in front of the view deck overlooking the ocean as the sun was slowly setting. Everything was calm for about three minutes until a helicopter was seen approaching the horizon. The helicopter was double helixed, bulky and large and probably used for moving troops around in the battle zone. The helicopter approached and slowly got closer Tyson could feel a panic as he knew once again what was coming. For a second he had forgotten how his previous attempts of escape had begun... And ended. How they always ended. A sort of relief finally drenched over his face as he immediately realized the obvious to him. He was not in control. He never had been.
As these thoughts penetrated his soul, the helicopter looked like it was just about to crash into them when it made a hard right and banked upwards toward the top deck of the carrier. The sound of the chopper disappeared and had slowly been drenched over and replaced by the ships water slide and whirling sounds of movement through the ocean. The mechanical dealings in the ship had somehow been muffled by the nanobots in his body trying to impede machinery noise to invade his brain. Probably to dull his senses and soothe his anxieties of what Tyson already feared. But he knew. That helicopter was landing.

Engines off. The helicopter rudders were still spinning but the crew occupying it were already off and waiting for the deck officer to brief them before chow down. It was crew of eight roughneck soldiers that already by the looks of them you could tell they had seen some real shit. The leader was Lt Mike Holloway code name Miggs. And right away you could tell he wasn't your average squad leader. For starters: he was a sniper. Miggs Holloway and his infamous squad was known for taking on full missions with their Lt whistling commands at them at half a klic away from comma. It came to be nobody ever knew who was rely in command of the squad because you never ever saw Miggs with them on the field. But he was around. You couldn't see him but he was always around. There aren't a whole lot of special forces run by a guy who can shoot off an EB enemy combatant from over thousand yards off. Even less who can do it while running assuming command of the entire ops. Miggs could; his crew knew it too. Everybody who ran with Miggs said the same thing. On e
Any given mission you only saw Miggs twice. At the beginning of the mission when he was briefing you and in the end when you where coming back. It was a weird way to run a crew but it worked. Especially with the "infamous" crew whose name came not only from their merc company name INFAM which stood for internal neutralization force but also from the fact that they were so good that later after they retired they added AM to the name and began taking jobs all over the world as private contractors. No one really knows what the M stands for but its a sure guess it's for mercenaries. 

Little Cappa, Santos, Luke Lucy, 
v, Mikavilov Kornjakovis "corner", Terry "baller" Jackson, maggot, and Juice, double tap.
Second in command was Vee codename "headhunter". She was ex Israeli special forces. Tough like a motherfucker and loyal to a fault. Her backstory is anybody's guess but what is certain is she used to be the resident go to when it came to interrogation. She was especially talented at making people feel like they were burning without actually burning them. A talent that would later land her as one of the top brass in the Spezt Nas. A position she would later come to decline.
As for the rest of the crew, there really wasn't much worth mentioning. Terry and Maggot were really good at crowd control and demolitions. Little Capa was our comma specialist. Luke Lucy was our stringer: last minute replacement for Quinto and Leeland, fallen comrades from a previous mission. 
As for juice and double tap? They were straight up gangsters. Green Berets, Delta Force, the whole works. Between them they had more medals than the Olympics commission. Juice had killed more people than anybody else in the crew put together and that was saying a lot. But you couldn't get any juice without a Double Tap. Now DT has an interesting history. She is was the afghan wife of a sheik who captured her from a tribe that had been massacred by the muja hadeem. She was thirteen years old when this happened. She never really recovered but word is. She was found still riding the sheik even after she had decapitated him. 

Wreckage highway death. 
One survivor.
Assembling the team
The pre mission briefing.



So let me get this straight; Lumina Voyager, the popular online MMO; You hacked it. All of it. You took command of their servers and used them to insert a virus that would target Moogle headquarters and their entire data infrastructure. Then, having gained access to Moogle, you hacked them and their servers, again, all of them, including their DCL data network, which is by the way, classified and used THAT… to hack the NYC metro services, thereby getting access to the entire New York city grid. You then proceeded to, and I quote: ‘wreak havok upon the cesspool that is this city by sending all it’s online systems into a perpetual tilt, as you delete and burn’.

I like how you spelled ‘burn’ with a capital B and an ‘e’ instead of a ‘u’. 

After that; and this is where it gets blurry for me, according to you, you unloaded your final attack: A malware program, consisting of a very sophisticated worm which somehow found it’s way into 16 offshore bank accounts. All belonging to a rainbow assortment of very high profile ranking individuals. Three of which died this morning under very strange circumstances. 

You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that?

Yup. Ok then, ‘round and ‘round we go.

   



